Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
from hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number four 82. In this
episode, Scott talks with technical
project manager and conference speaker,
and Juan Simmons about fan culture
and the rise of nerd
land. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes. And today
I'm talking with Anne Juan Simmons.
By the time you hear
this recording, he will have
spoken at code cough. That's
coming up for you in
Tennessee. Is that right? That's
right. Yep. And you give
talks all over. And when
I met you, you were
talking at South by Southwest.
We've been there together a
couple of times. Yep, absolutely.
And what's your, what's your
day job? I am a
software project manager and I
manage a set of developers
who are really very talented
and I help them deliver
software on time and on
budget. And you said that
like a true software development
manager, like you and I
have had this discussion before
that we are, I don't
know, nerds, geeks, geeks, we're
techies. We, we, we, our
brains operate a certain way
and that has caused some
challenges in interacting with, with
other people, particularly our significant
others. That is correct. We
are married to normals and
it's, it's fun to see
how that plays out. What
kind of things have you
have you bumped into? I
mean, is your wife? I
know she's, she's extremely accomplished
in her own, right, but
she's not, I assume taking
apart the remote control on
a regular basis. No, she
throws the remote control to
me to take it apart.
And then I throw it
back to her once I
fixed it. So you, you
like me? Are it support
for the house? Absolutely. I
feel like my wife does
not appreciate the work that's
involved in keeping a home
network running at peak capacity,
nor does my she's just
simply complaints about why haven't
you fixed this yet? Come
on. You're a tech guy.
Get it done. Yeah. I,
my friend saran who runs
a code newbies, her husband
when I met saran Serrano
of course, is a programmer
and she's highly technical. So
I just assumed that her
husband would not be, I
just assumed that geeks Mary
normals, you know, so I
figured she's super techie. He'll
be, he'll be not. They
are, they're equally techie, which
is amazing. Cause the tech
that runs their house is
so much more powerful. And
I keep thinking if I
could just get my significant
other to be more techie,
like there'd be no end
to what we could accomplish
as far as like, you
know, in the house. Yeah.
But with my wife, wife,
that ship sailed a long
time ago. So yeah, she
actually started out studying comps
high and she, after I
think one semester she did.
Okay. But she realized immediately,
this is not for me.
So she switched to MIS,
which is a much more
sensible degree to get from
undergrad. What does MIS management
information systems? Ah, okay. Well,
this is interesting though. Cause
you have two managers in
the house now, how does
that work? It means that
there are two cooks in
the kitchen and sometimes the
cooking is burned. So I,
it works well. And I
think that even though my
wife is decidedly normal, she
is an extremely intelligent woman.
She has a PhD PhD
in business and we are
able to compliment each other
and a lot of areas
to spite the fact that
she has no heart nor
no idea about geek culture
or how nerd land works.
You know, that's, it's very,
very similar situation. My wife
has a, master's an MBA
and she's working on now,
her third degree getting a,
a, a bachelor's of science
and nursing also she'll be
done in August. So there's
basically nothing I can tell
her. I'm allowed to reboot
the router. That's the extent
of what I'm allowed to
do. Yeah. So I can't
tell her anything. And what
kind of ongoing challenges like
I've been married 15 years.
I know you've been married
as long, 13 years and
some change. Right. So, you
know, it, it obviously it's
working, right. What do you
think that we, we can
learn from people who are
in similar kind of mixed
relationships between geeks and normals
and could we have anything
to teach them? I think
that one of the things
is to just like a
lot of advice is the
first step is to admit
that you have a problem.
And so let me give
you an example of how
much of a normal my
wife is. If I pulled
my wife to the side
and just said, Hey, babe,
if I said three names
of people, and if you
just tell me how these
related, or is there any
relationship? And I said, Picard,
Riker, Troy. She would say,
I have no idea what
you're talking about. Are these
new types of shoes or
so she has no understanding
at all of geek culture.
So I have resigned myself
to the fact that these
are things that even though
I love them deeply, and
there are a big part
of who I am, that
that's something that we simply
can't share. So I think
admitting that there's a problem
is the first step and
making peace with that. Interesting.
Does she sit with you
though and watch these shows
with disinterest or have you
just decided after 13 years
of marriage that you just
best to go to the
movies by yourself? I have
decided that it's best that
I go to the movies
by myself or with other
geek friends. So let me
give you an example. We
went to see, I believe
it was the last iron
man before the age of,
of old trine. And I
just look at my wife
and, you know, iron man
three was okay. Not my
favorite one. I liked the
first one the best still,
but I just looked over
at her and just, she
was just in pain. It
was like agony and I
felt so bad. Like I'm
enjoying this movie. And while
I look over at my
wife and she is so
not enjoying the movie, that
it makes my enjoyment of
the movie very, very limited.
And so I've learned that,
okay, look, babe, I'm glad
you're here. There's no one
else. I would rather watch
a movie with other than
you. But I think that
from now on, I'm just
going to go with my
boys and then we'll, you
know, we'll find some movie
that we both enjoy. So,
so I think that coming
to that knowledge of there's
a certain things that she
is so not into it,
even though she very Kylie
wants to experience them with
me, it just best to
this to often just let
her stay at home and
let me do other things
with other people. Yeah. You
know, in early, early on
in the marriage, a couple,
two, three years, you know,
you want, you have no
kids and you're a couple
of years in, you want
to spend all your time
together and you want to
share everything that makes you,
you with the other person.
And then if you discover
that they're not into something
you want to push harder
and like, I, no, but
you really think if you
just spend some time watching
Firefly, you would understand why
it has all the answers,
you know, in life and
you push and you push
and you push, but you're
right. Somewhere, your relationship reaches
a level of maturity and
it's like, you know, it's
okay to like stuff on
my own. Absolutely. And there
are things that she's really
into then I'm not into,
she likes tennis. So Serena
Williams is one of her
favorite heroes and I like
Sabrina. I think she's cool.
I think it's great that
she's won so many matches,
but I could go without
saying several of them, but
I'll sit next to her
on the couch and I'll
watch some of the matches
and understand that, okay, she's
into this and therefore I'll
go into it with her.
Yeah. It is a lonely
though sometimes because you'll see
something or read something and
then you'll turn to your
partner and you're like, but
look, this is, you know,
and then there's nothing, there's
I find this a lot
with comics, you know, I'll
read comics in bed and
she's reading something. I don't
know if you're reading a
nursing manual or she reading
some nonfiction or something. And
then we'll say like, did
you just, just see what
happened? And there's just no
interest. It's unfortunate. But what
we have been able to
do though, is find genres
that we can share. So
I thought it was one
of those things where we're
always going to read different
kinds of books and always
see different kinds of movies.
But I've learned that my
wife loves action movies. So
like the Expendables is one
of her most favorite series
of movies. And while it's
not Saifai or geek, it's
pretty ridiculous. So I, I
appreciate that, you know? Yeah.
And I think that my
wife and I also enjoy
a good action flag. She
likes more actions slash drama.
And so it can't just
be all guns blazing and
folks jumping all around killing
folks. But I think that
if there's a plot, if
there's a little bit of
drama, then she and I
can both enjoy and movie.
So she would hate the
Expendables, but she will like
some movie where there's a
little bit more, I think
a plot. We actually, one
of the ones that we
really got geeked out together
about was John wick with
canneries. We have not seen
that. It's like, you know,
it's just, it's, it's got
a plot, but it's also
got feeling and there's like,
he's got a pet, a
pet. So there's, there's this
grabby toss. And then there's
the, you know, his relationship
with his wife and how
that informs all of his,
you know, butt kicking that
he does. Interesting. You know,
actually one movie that my
wife loved and I was
shocked because this is another
one where I think we'll
have to drag her to
the movie theater was ex
Mokena. She loved ex macula.
And that is so geeky
that I was like, what?
But it was done in
a way where the technology
was really in the background.
It was more about the
plot and the ideas. So
I think that if there
are really cerebral, really deep
movies that are geeky, then
I can get her to
go show I actually enjoyed.
Is it that it's often
tough to find that mix?
Yeah. My wife was like
that about, that will be
her when the guy falls
in love with Siri, Right.
R Scott at Johansen. Yes.
And, and that, that got
her, got her thinking. Oh,
and then the time Traveler's
wife, We haven't seen that.
Okay. I'll have to try
that. Okay. That's a great,
great movie. Great book, just
an all in all great
experience. So we find, we
find ways to come together
on stuff like that. I
do wish though that I
could take her to a
comic book convention, you know,
but fortunately we have kids,
so I take them and
they think that's the greatest
thing ever. Absolutely. And that's
one saving grace up. If
you are married to our
normal and you re reproduce,
then you hopefully have kids
that have geek DNA. And
my kids love that stuff.
I mean, there are into
geek culture. I took my
comic book collection that I
started collecting in 1981. So
I have a few really
good issues. And so they're
still wrapped in the asset
free bags and with the
cardboard backing and I put
them on my boys' walls.
And so I've covered the
entire wall where comics from
the eighties and nineties. And
so there's a lot of
Spire demand, a lot of
X man, cause I was
really into those titles. And
so I felt that I
was passing, passing my childhood
on to them. And so
my kids often say, well,
can you know, can I
read that? I'm like, Nope,
you're not ready for that
yet, but it's on the
wall and I'll take it
down. We'll read it together
when you're ready. Cause I
have, you know, Punisher and
have some, some more adult
titles on, on their wall,
but they see that, Hey,
the things that are, that
they're making movies out of
now that wasn't to that,
you know, 20, 25 years
ago. And so that way
we connect over geek culture.
No, that one is one
of the amazing things about
being our, our age, not
to give our ages away,
but to be our age
at this time is that
it almost feels like there's
a vindication of our geekery
from 20, 30 years ago.
Now that they're making all
these movies and you know,
the infinity Wars are coming
and I already know what's
going to happen unless they
change it dramatically. Like, you
know, like we're like looking
at looking for the clues
from our, from our, our
high school years and our
middle school year. And in
many ways it's not just
filling, been educated, but it's
the fact that we suffer
through the nineties when they
tried to make movies with
nineties technology and it was
horrible. And so it's not
just that we've seen that
Hollywood has come around to
the fact that there are
compelling stories that they can
make and make a lot
of money. But we saw
the many failed attempts over
the past 15 years or
so. And now we're at
the point where the technology
has caught up with the
storytelling. And so we can
enjoy that. So it is
a good feeling to know
that a lot of what
we knew was great when
we were kids and we
were gigs and you know,
people didn't understand it, but
when we see Marvel coming
up with the infinity Wars
and when now they're going
to probably do civil war
and knowing those storylines. Yes,
that is so amazing. Yeah.
Did you watch Daredevil on
Netflix? My wife very much
enjoyed that. I have not.
That's another series that I'm
going to have to check
out there. You know, one
challenge is that there's so
much good TV right now.
There's sensei, there's Daredevil, there's,
you know, game of Thrones,
which is of course more
fantasy, but there's so much
good geek content on both
TV and at the movies
that I can't keep up,
but it's a good problem
to have to say that
there's so much nerd land
around here. It's hard to
explore it all. Where do
you, Do you think the
line between nerd land is
nerd culture and geek culture
gone mainstream now, is everyone
a geek? I wouldn't say
that everyone is a geek,
but I would say that
people were more geekish. I
think that when you see
what's at the theaters, when
you see what's on TV,
where you see how personal
devices are, where, whether it's
a smartphone or a swatch
in the end of the
Apple, watch a though Apple
won't comment on how many
they've sold. I think that
it's become such a, an
iconic figure in terms of,
you know, people like Beyonce
w you know, brought out
the watch, came out, she
was doing photo shoots, wearing
one. I think that geek
culture and the things that
geeks love have become more
of the culture. And I
still think that there's a
ways to go, but I
think that there's far more
acceptance of the, of these
things than there was even
a decade ago. Yeah. My
wife has often asked me,
like, what is a nerd
or what is it geek?
Because those terms, you know,
have a certain baggage along
with them. They, you know,
they evoke an image of
a specific individual and, you
know, the people in revenge
of the nerds, there's a
nerd or geek monoculture, but
I've been explaining it to
her to say that it
is to be really, really
enthused about something like you
could be a needle point
geek, you know, or a
car nerd, if that's what
you're really into is that
you're excited about something so
much that it exudes from
you, you know, you overflow
with enthusiasm over that topic.
Absolutely. And I think at
the end of the day,
a gig is a fan.
It is someone who is
really into something, whether that's
new to a point, whether
that's the Avengers or anything
else, I think that you're
really into you're really, you're
really into something to the
degree, to the degree that
you want to know everything
about it. Right? So, you
know, a lot of us
grew up taking apart computers
or televisions because we were
so into electronics that we
had to know how they
worked. And I think that
that is really the essence
of a geek as a
fan. I think that the
Japanese word is otaku, which
is just someone who's really
into something. And so that's
the essence of, geekdom just
an, an almost irrational desire
to know something. I want
to take a brief moment
to thank my sponsors sync
fusion this week, the first
and only complete Hadoop distribution
designed for windows is now
available from sync fusion. You
can literally deploy a production
ready, big data cluster in
minutes. This revolutionary big data
platform will not only change
the way that you approach
big data, but it is
100% free for everyone with
free commercial support for sync
fusion, plus members learn more
at sync, fusion.com/big. I think
that's great. The saying that
it's being a fan. I,
the boys were really into
this book when they were
like, I think four years
old or five years old,
it's called Joey fly private
eye. And it was just
all about this actual fly
who was a private eye.
And they thought it was
the greatest thing ever. And
they read the book and
they talked about it for
weeks and, you know, that's
where it could have ended,
but I encourage them to
send a letter to the
author of joy fly private
eye. So they agonized over
it for a week and
they wrote it in crayon
and they sent this, you
know, we really like your
book and will you please
make more? And the, the
author of this, this children's
book sent them a picture
of them as flies as
bugs. And that is now
up on their, you know,
behind glass it's we framed
it. So it seems like,
you know, you can read
a book and enjoy it,
but if you're going to
be a fan, you know,
you're, you're writing fan fiction,
you're sending, sending fan mail.
And when he sent back
that letter to them, they
cemented their fandom for forever.
That is amazing. And that
brings up something that I
think is cool to live
in this new era of
geekness. And that is the
such a, there is so
much more access to the
creators and your sons use,
I assume, you know, snail
mail to do it. But
for example, I purchased for
my daughter, a combo book
series called Prince lists, which
is about, I love Christmas.
And I bought Prince lists,
sorry, Prince Les. And I
give it to my daughter.
And then I tweeted a
picture of my daughter reading
the first volume and the
author of Prince less retweeted
that, and we exchanged a
couple of tweets and I
was like, wow, this is
something where, and this happened
literally within hours where I
am, I have introduced my
daughter to something that is
really written for her and
with her, with her in
mind. And then the creator
of that work has connected
with me. And I think
that is so awesome to
have the ability to connect
with the people who are
creating speakers. You know, when
I was reading Marvel comics,
there's no way I could
connect with a writer or
an artist, or it will
be really difficult because there's
only so much snail mail
and that someone can read,
but now whether it is
through Twitter or even email
or others, you know, social
media, the barriers to connection
between the creator and that
people who consume that content
are much more lower or
are much lower. Yeah. That
the, the barrier to entry,
like before you send a
snail mail, and you assume
that there's a pile of
snail mail is sitting unread
in your favorite writers, you
know, workroom, and they're never
going to get to you,
or if they do it's
luck. Exactly. Yeah. I've had
that, those experiences more than
once. And, you know, you,
you feel like you're building
a relationship, even though you're
really kind of not you're,
you're, it's a fan, it's
a safe relationship. You know,
I read a comic book
by a comic artist named
Fu Richardson called genius. And
it did the exact same
thing. I tweeted about how
great it was. And then
a couple days later, there's
there she is. And then
you start looking at who
she follows and you're like,
Oh, wow, this is a
cool person. Like, this is
a human out there doing
really great work. And then
it makes you want to
support their work and, and
do other things you can.
Absolutely. And I think that
if I was a creator
of any kind of work,
especially if it's artistic in
nature, then it would behoove
me to use this media
platform to connect when people
reach out to me to
reach out to them. I
think that it's both in
the benefit, both redounds to
the benefit of both the
creator and the person who
is a fan. And so
this is just a great
time to be alive and
to be experiencing the spread
of geek culture, Absolutely being
able to find the communities
before they were just in
forums or in certain CompuServe
rooms. But now if you're
into something, you're going to
be able to find people
that are into it as
well. And I also think
that there's a, what's the
word, there's an acceptance of
geek culture more than before.
I always felt isolated because
I was really into things
like comics. But now it
seems like if you are
into something for the most
part, you know, kids that
I, at least my nieces
and nephews, they're not being
teased in high school for
being into something. They just
are everyone's into something. I
totally agree. And I think
that that is one other
benefit of having this wide
set of tools that people
can use to connect whether
it's in the lunchroom at
school, where kids and I
agree are very rarely teased
for being into stuff. Whether
there are online forums, whether
there are Facebook groups or
there's tools like Slack or
a flow doc, where you
can form a group of
people who are interested in
a certain topic and you
can just geek out on
it. And I think that
this is a great time,
especially for young people where,
you know, when you and
I were growing up, it
was very tough to be
a geek. And you were
ostracized for being into Dungeons
and dragons or comic books.
And I think that our
children and the ones who
come after them, we live
in a much more open
and accepting world where if
you're really into something that's
cool, people will agree with
that. And probably say that,
that, that, that, that, that's
a good thing. And have
you found that to be
the case with you with,
with the things that you
introduced, like, you know, to
your, to your daughter, is
she into stuff and then,
and not getting any hassle
for it? Absolutely. My daughter,
like I said, she can
take her Pence lists come
and book to school and
you get, and she's told
me this, like, Oh, what's
that? Can I read that?
Or when my boys are
into things. And in fact,
they, my sons have found,
especially that they are drawn
into more of geek culture
by their friends who they
hang out with. And they're
reading things like obviously Harry Potter
was a great, I think,
force for doing this for
making things that are really
geeky, more mainstream. And there
was a book series called
Percy Jackson that my sons
got really into because a
lot of their friends were
reading that were reading that
title. So I do think
that there is a lot
of acceptance of gay culture
among children, primarily because it's
just so popular. And so
in fact, you're, you are
more than likely the odd
boy out or, or the
odd girl out if you're
not into these things rather
than the opposite. And I
think it's also cool that
there's a lot more diversity
of story. A Prince lists
is a great example and
actually true story, literally yesterday,
my seven year old boy,
and I read Prince lists
again, volume one, it's about
a, who basically gets tired
of sitting in a castle.
And she says, I'm just
going to save myself. And
regardless of, of the obvious
no gender interest in that
story, my seven year old
just thought that was really
cool. Cause he was like,
of course, like she's she
sat around. She waited, no
one's coming to save her.
Oh, she'll save herself. It
made total sense. And I'm
hoping that that informs their,
their attitudes towards gender in
the, in the, in the
future. And I think it's
so interesting that not only
has gay culture become more
mainstream, but I think geek
culture has become aware of
the need to reflect the
world and not just one
perspective or one demographic group.
And we see a lot
of interesting things being done,
you know, by Marvel with
having a female Thor, we
see the introduction of a
miss Marvel who is Muslim
and there are such great
storytelling and, and it's not
some kind of gimmick where,
well, let's just turn Thor
into a girl and let's
kind of keep telling horror
stories. I think that their
storytelling becomes richer. And they're
finding that by embracing a
diverse world by making the
fantasy world reflective of the
actual world. I think that
they're finding that there's a
lot more ability to tell
stories that resonate with, with
readers and I've, and I've
been really happy to see
that. And I've been happy
to see that, that embrace
that embracing of the fact
that we all have stories
to tell. And if we
embrace the diversity that's in
the world and reflect that,
then storytelling becomes richer. Absolutely.
Absolutely. I think that the
point you made there that
it's not just, Oh, let's
turn this person Brown. Let's
turn that person into a
girl. The stories have to
be good. And not only
is the storytelling and miss
Marvel where it's a 16
year old Pakistani American fantastic
storytelling because the writer G
Willow Wilson is just amazing
writer. But if you look
at miles Morales, the black
and Latino ultimate Spiderman that
worked because the art was
just amazing. Some of the
best art that I've ever
seen in a comic book
was in the first issues
there of, of ultimate Spiderman.
But the storytelling was thoroughly
interesting and was not a,
just simply a retelling of
Peter Parker story. Exactly. And I,
and I've seen, I've seen
the same thing with the,
I called her spider Gwen,
right? Where, and this alternate
world where Peter Parker was the
one who died and then
Gwen becomes Spiderman, arms shifting
Spiderman, spider Gwen, and you
have this female Spiderman. And
again, they could have did
it where she's exact same
aspiring man, right? This web
singing joke telling a hero.
But I think that if
they've taken a more nuanced
view and I really have
enjoyed following that development in
geek culture, but of course
the reality is that disliked
the rural world. And as
you embrace the real world,
you get into real world
issues. And so with the
fantastic four movie with the
choice, make a black human
torch and seeing that backlash,
I think that that's something
that we will continue to
see. And again, being a
father, I find that it's
important to both celebrate the
embracing of diverse points of
view in geek culture, but
to have real conversations about
there are some people who
will be against that and
helping my children navigate that
as part of my role.
And I think that, again,
back to the point of
having a spouse who is
a normal, I think being
able to have those conversations
is something that I can
do where my wife may
struggle to even understand what
the problem is, you know?
Yeah. You know, I don't,
I know that I try
to be an advocate and
an ally for diverse things,
and I have a diverse
family. Therefore I want the
world to be representatively diverse,
but it's comic books. Why
does it matter if human
torch is black or so,
or Thor as a woman?
It seems to me like
Thor was a frog or
a couple of absolutes. You
know, my kids think that
spider ham like the pig
Spiderman from an alternate universe
is about the greatest thing
ever if we can't mix
it up and try new
things, then what's the point
like of all those scenarios
that we could do this
fiction would be the place
to do it. I completely
agree. And I think in
a world where Spiderman can
be a ham, Thor can
be a frog where Superman
did all kinds of things
where, and exposed to different
types of kryptonite. Surely we
can expand our imagination a
little bit and see differences
in skin color gender. But
I think that the fact
that it's an issue is
something that is real. It's
something that doesn't make sense
to me, but that doesn't
mean it's not real. And
I think is something that
I really take seriously in
my role as a parent
to guide kids who do,
like I said before, have
some of my geek DNA
and just help them understand
that there are some people
who see this as a
bad thing. Let's talk about
that and understand what we
can learn from the reaction
of people to this fantasy
world and see can that
better prepare us to deal
with some of those reactions
in the real world. That
is, that is the right
way to go about doing
that. I mean, people talk
when they talk about star
Wars, they often talk about,
you know, the cannon. And
if they hear a story
in a star Wars story,
that's not part of the
star Wars, Canon, they get
upset and cause they, they
clearly have some emotional investment
into that universe. And when
you mess with their universe,
then that's a problem. It's
interesting though, when people find
that it's the gender or
the color or the nationality
of that character, that matters
as far as Canon, as
opposed to the story, like
I could see if they
changed Peter Porter's origin story.
I could see where I
would get upset about that.
Like, wait a second. Well,
he was still bitten by
a spider. Like, you know,
like that, that's the part
I hang on to the
race and gender is part
of Peter Parker. Isn't the part
that makes him Peter Parker. So
it's interesting to see who
either consciously or subconsciously chooses
to hang on to Canon
as being or an aspect
of Canon as being particularly
important. I completely agree. And
I am a person who
loves Canon and I have
seen some of the ways
that the movies diverse from
Canon. And I think that
I, even though I love
the original thinking that Stanley
and all the people who
were involved in creating the
Marvel universe had, you know,
30, 40 years ago when
they were doing that. I
think that when you have
to diverse from that a
little bit, because the world
has changed and storytelling has
changed. And I think that
you have to update that
I was still keeping the
essence of these heroes and
what makes them heroes. And
what's what, what makes Peter Parker,
Peter Parker, what makes read Richards,
Reed, Richards keep all of
that. But I think that
there is a benefit to
remixing some of that for
a new generation. And I
think that, you know, in
many ways the ultimate line
of Marvel, I would not
say that it saved the
company, but it made, I
think Marvel positioned to do
what they're doing with the
cinematic universe. And I, so
I think if Marvel had
hesitated or not going as
far as they did, in
some ways with the ultimate
slime, I'm not sure if
they would have had the,
the ability to do the
movies. And so we, we
see some of that in
having a black Nick fury,
like an ultimate sense, how
they took some of that
and put that into the
movies. I think almost in
recognition of the fact that
they had to remix some
of these storylines, you know,
to make them more mainstream.
Yeah, I think you're right.
I think by, by legitimizing
and saying that the ultimate
universe is definitely part of
the Marvel universe that introduces
the concept of the multiverse,
which means that the cinematic
universe, which is kind of
what we call it is
its own parallel universe as
well. And then that means
there can be an number
of parallel universes. Exactly. And
I think that instead of
trying to deny that, I
think that we should embrace
that because if you have
multiple Perl universe, then you
have almost infinite ability to
tell stories. And I think
that at the end of
the day, sure, come a
book. Art is a big
part of it. I think
that the art is as
vital, but I think really
we get into these comic
books because of stories, right?
It's the ability to tell
compelling stories that speak to
the human condition that speak
to the hopes and dreams
of young people that speak
to things that we can
all understand with. Of course,
the unusual incidents of being
bitten by a spider or
being, you know, from my,
you know, ancient Norse mythology.
Sure. Those are elements thrown
in that of course are
fantastical, but really it's the
storytelling that compels us. So
I hope that people would
see that the ability to
remix the ability to mess
with Canon a little bit
is actually a good thing.
And that's something that we
should organize against, right? Yeah,
absolutely agreed. And hopefully we
will be able to pass
this culture on as we're
trying to, to our kids
and maybe to our significant
others a little bit over
time, another 10 or 15
years, I may actually get
my wife to take care
about this stuff. You know,
hope Springs eternal. And I
think just like my wife
love ex Mokena, I think
like all parts of marriage,
there's going to be things
that you always work on.
And I think that whenever
I meet people who were
single and then they get
serious with someone and they
think, well, if you get
married, it's just going to
all be good and we're
going to immediately align. And
I'm like, no, don't think
that we're marriage is a
work in progress. And you're
constantly trying to tweak all
parts of how you relate
to this person, whether it's
through what you're into with
the entertainment, whether it's how
you deal with money, whether
it's where you go on
vacation, you have to have
those conversations. And I think
that the best marriages are
ones where both people evolve,
right? We, we leave a
little bit of room for
change in order to accommodate
our partner. And I think
that, like you just said
over 10 years, I think
that you will be very
successful and helping your spouse
evolve. And I'm hopeful that
I will as well. Of
course, if you ask my
wife, she would tell you
that another 10 years and
she'll have me exactly where
she wants me. So it
goes both ways. Absolutely. Well,
thanks so much for sharing
your thoughts on relationships and
key culture and key culture
in general. And one it's
been a pleasure. Thanks, Scott.
This has been another episode
of Hanselminutes and we'll see
you again next week.